When the soldiers arrived and was billeted in both, Mrs. Whitechott, I don't know why,
I suppose kindness of heart, decided to open the cafe during the evening and these boys
came in and there was a piano there and of course, you know, don't take long for there
to be a sing-song when somebody can play the piano and then two or three of the lads met
local girls so they used to come in as a couple and gradually sort of got to know more people
like that but it was, I didn't really get to know any of them personally, I was only
young, I was younger than most of the girls and that about and I used to sort of be picked
up and taken home, we used to have to walk up the hill then, there was no transport and
I don't know whether or not you've ever walked up that hill but it used to be a dark, very
old, never thought anything of it in those days, you used to walk up the hill if you
met anybody in the darkness you'd say good night to them as you passed and no idea who
it was. The cafe, well West End stores, where you go around now to the new hall? It was
only occasional, just coming down in the evening and we were busy then, I mean making sandwiches
and serving tea and coffee and I mean talking to them of course and joining in the sing-song
but I can't say that I really got involved at all so and I don't know that the village changed
that much I suppose it did but everything was very hush hush and no one was allowed
down the bottom down to a slus there so I mean whatever was carrying on down there.